.\" Man page for Marco.
.TH MARCO 1 "7 February 2014" "MATE Desktop Environment"
.\" Please adjust this date when revising the manpage.
.\"
.SH "NAME"
Marco \- The MATE Window Manager
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B marco [OPTIONS]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
Marco is a minimal X window manager that uses GTK+ for drawing window frames. It is aimed at non-technical users and is designed to integrate well with the MATE desktop. Marco is a plain window manager for the adult in you; Many window managers are like Marshmallow Froot Loops, Marco is like Cheerios. It lacks some features that may be expected by traditional UNIX or other technical users; these users may want to investigate other available window managers for use with MATE or as a standalone window manager.
.PP
Marco supports several somewhat advanced but common features such as Window Shading/Roll-Up, Window/Edge Snapping, Vertical and Horizontal Maximize, Always-On-Top, Sloppy/Mouse Focus and Raising, and many more... Well, not a lot, but some more.
.PP
This manual page documents the \fBmarco\fR command.

.SH "OPTIONS"
.TP
\fB\-d, \-\-display=DISPLAY\fR
X display to use.
.TP
\fB\-\-sync\fR
.br
Make X calls synchronous.
.TP
\fB\-\-replace\fR
Replace the currently running window manager with Marco.
.TP
\fB\-\-sm\-disable\fR
Disable the connection to the session manager.
.TP
\fB\-\-sm\-client\-id=ID\fR
Specify a session management ID.
.TP
\fB\-\-sm\-save\-file=FILENAME\fR
Restore from a session management savefile. 
.br
If no path is specified \fBmarco\fR will look in ~/.config/mate-session/saved-session/
.TP
\fB\-c, \-\-composite\fR
Turn compositing ON. You may also use this option to start \fBmarco\fR with composite "true transparency" effects. 
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-composite\fR
Turn compositing OFF. You may also use this option to start \fBmarco\fR without compositing effects. 
.TP
\fB\-\-no\-force\-fullscreen\fR
Do not create fullscreen windows without decorations.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
Print current version information and exit.
.TP
\fB\-?, \-h, \-\-help\fR
Print standard command line options.
.SH "CONFIGURATION"
Marco configuration can be found via the main MATE menus, under "\fISystem\fP->\fIPreferences\fP->\fIWindows\fP" and "\fISystem\fP->\fIPreferences\fP->\fIKeyboard Shortcuts\fP" or by running the commands \fBmate-window-properties\fR and \fBmate-keybinding-properties\fR respectively. Advanced configuration can also be achieved directly, via \fBdconf-editor\fR under "/\fIorg\fP/\fImate\fP/\fImarco\fP/".
.SH "BUGS"
.SS Should you encounter any bugs, they may be reported at: 
http://github.com/mate-desktop/marco/issues
.SH "AUTHORS"
.SS This Man Page has been updated/re-written for the MATE Desktop Environment by:
Adam Erdman <hekel@archlinux.info> (2014)
.SH "HISTORY"
.SS Portions of this manual page were originally written by Luke Morton and Philip O'Brien (2006) for Metacity, but do not bear resemblance to preceding documentation.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.SS Further information may also be available at: http://wiki.mate-desktop.org/docs
.P
.BR marco-message (1),
.BR marco-theme-viewer (1),
.BR marco-window-demo (1)
